content/about/_index.en.md, before:

---
date: 2025-01-01
title: About Us
---

## Welcome to NRRWA

Namma Roopanagara Residents Welfare Association (NRRWA) is a community-driven organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for all residents of Roopanagara. Established over a decade ago, we have been working tirelessly to create a vibrant, safe, and sustainable neighborhood.

### Our Story

Roopanagara is a beautiful residential area in Mysore, known for its peaceful environment and strong sense of community. NRRWA was formed by a group of concerned residents who wanted to address common issues and work together for the betterment of the area.

Over the years, we have grown from a small group of volunteers to a well-organized association with over 150 active members. Our initiatives have made a significant impact on the community, from improving public amenities to organizing cultural events that bring neighbors together.

### What We Do

NRRWA works on multiple fronts to serve the community:

- **Infrastructure Development**: We liaise with local authorities to improve roads, street lights, water supply, and other essential services.
- **Environmental Initiatives**: Tree plantation drives, waste management programs, and awareness campaigns about sustainable living.
- **Community Events**: Cultural festivals, sports activities, and social gatherings that strengthen community bonds.
- **Advocacy**: Representing residents' interests with government bodies and service providers.
- **Emergency Support**: Coordinating help during emergencies and maintaining a network of support.

### Get Involved

NRRWA is powered by volunteers and the participation of residents like you. Whether you want to join as a member, volunteer for events, or simply stay informed about community activities, we welcome your involvement.

Together, we can make Roopanagara an even better place to live!

Commit message:

swiper.js slider, sort new members by join date, layout simplification, css enhancements

content/about/_index.en.md, after:

---
date: 2025-01-01
title: About Us
---

## Welcome to NRRWA

Namma Roopanagara Residents Welfare Association (NRRWA) is a community-driven organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for all residents of Roopanagara. Established over a decade ago, we have been working tirelessly to create a vibrant, safe, and sustainable neighborhood.

### Our Story

NRRWA, is a movement among Roopanagara residents, started in January, 2021 and now active 5th year running.
Association got Registered with Registrar of Co-op Societies on 09.09.2021. 
Roopanagara has 2,500 sites and about 800 houses. Association is presently having a membership of 300+ and number is growing.

### What We Do

NRRWA works on multiple fronts to serve the community:

- **Infrastructure Development**: We liaise with local authorities to improve roads, street lights, water supply, and other essential services.
- **Environmental Initiatives**: Tree plantation drives, waste management programs, and awareness campaigns about sustainable living.
- **Community Events**: Cultural festivals, sports activities, and social gatherings that strengthen community bonds.
- **Advocacy**: Representing residents' interests with government bodies and service providers.
- **Emergency Support**: Coordinating help during emergencies and maintaining a network of support.

### Get Involved

NRRWA is powered by volunteers and the participation of residents like you. Whether you want to join as a member, volunteer for events, or simply stay informed about community activities, we welcome your involvement.

Together, we can make Roopanagara an even better place to live!
