---
title: NRRWA Annual General Body Meeting 2025
date: 2025-10-12
featuredImage: /assets/images/news/agm2025/agm_2025.jpg
summary: NRRWA successfully coordinates installation of 25 new LED street lights in Phase 2 area, improving safety and visibility.
author: NRRWA Secretary
tags:
  - News
---

The Fourth Annual General Body Meeting of NRRWA was held at 'Namma Vana', 21st cross, Vidyalaya road, Roopanagar, Mysore on 12th October, 2025 at 11:00 AM. The agenda for the AGBM was circulated on 26 th September, 2025. The meeting was chaired by Mr. Narasimha Murthy M N, President of NRRWA, along with Vice-President Mr. A Suryanaranayana, Secretary Mr. K S Somayaji, Treasurer Mr. Sridar Tantry and Joint Secretary Mrs. Priya Shashidharan.

President Mr. Narasimha Murthy M N called the meeting to order.
1. **Invocation**: The meeting started with invocation by Mrs. Uma Jaipal.
2. **Welcome**: Mrs. Uma Peshwa extended a warm welcome to the dignitaries, Executive Committee members and all the members of the association.
3. **Read and record the minutes of the Third General Body Meeting 2023-24**: The Minutes of the third AGM was read by Dr Sushma Appaiah, Director of NRRWA and the same was adopted by a proposal moved by Mr Thammaiah Kiriyamada (AM 021 ) and seconded by Mr Ramesh (AM 124 )
4. **Read record the AGM Notice**: AGM Notice for 2024-25 was read by the Director of NRRWA Mr. Chandrashekar and the same was adopted. The motion was proposed by Mr Chamundaiah (AM 101) and seconded by Mr Krishna Kumar (DM 32)
5. **Read and adopt the Annual Report for the year 2024-25**: Annual report for the year 2024-25 was read by the following Directors: Mr. MK Raghu Srinivasan, Mr. Shiva H N Shankar, Mrs. Maya Shanbhagh and Mr. K S Somayaji. The report was opened for discussion and the members appreciated the work carried out by the committee and requested to add few more activities targeting the young children in the society. The Report was adopted by a proposal moved by Mr. Chamundaiah (AM 101 ) and seconded by Mr, Murali Keshav (AM 068 )
6. **Approval of the action plan for the year 2025-26**: The proposed activity for the year 2025-26 was read by Sri K S Somayaji, Secretary which was adapted by proposal moved by Mrs. M G Bhavani (LM 012 ) and seconded by Mr. Ganesha (AM 022)
7. **Read and adopt audited accounts for the year 2024-25**: Treasurer Mr. Sridhar Tantri presented the audited report for the year 2024-25. Members wanted a clarification on the differences between other activity and Miscellaneous, the same was clarified by the treasurer. The same was adapted by a proposal moved by Mr. Udaya Shankar (LM 007 ) and seconded by Mr. Anbarasu Kannan (LM 061)
8. **Approval of the expenditure incurred for the year 2024-25**: The schedules to the accounts along with budget sanctioned vs actual expenses read by Sri Sridhar Tantry was proposed by Mr. Shiva Kumar (AM 111 ) and seconded by Mr. B V Narayana Murthy (AM 049)
9. **Approval of the budget proposal for the year 2025-26**: The proposed budget for the year 2025-26 was presented by the Treasurer Mr. Sridhar Tantri. The members requested the accounts of the CSR funds and donations for various activities by the members may please be separated and shown separately for ease of accounting. Further, 10% of the CSR funds may be apportioned for maintenance expenses. The same was accepted by the house with the concurrence from the Treasurer. Motion was adopted by Mr.  Badrinath (AM 016 ) and seconded by Mr. Jagdeesh S (AM 028)
10. **Appointment of Auditors for the year 2025-26**: Regarding the appointment of auditor for the year 2025-26 the treasurer informed the house that the EC is of the opinion to continue the same auditor Mr. Ananthavardhana, Mysore (Membership No 025113). The same was proposed by Mr. U N Ravi Kumar (AM 039) and seconded by Mrs. Prathima (LM 080 ).

You can read a more detailed report of the AGM in the [ Reports ](/en/reports) page.

{{< youtube RfhRo8-oVjY>}}